= Call of Cthulhu Character Generator

== *English:*
Call of Cthulhu is a Tabletop RPG. I use this code only as an example for some posts of my blog. 
If you want to know more about this game itself, fell free to read more about it here:

= *Fast Play[English]:*
http://www.chaosium.com/forms/coc_quick_start_color.pdf

= *TODO:*
I don't think that I will continue this project(since it's just a sample project), but if I would, probably those would be the functionalities that I would like to implement:

- Occupations based on Call of Cthulhu 6th Edition.
- Create the Skills to the Investigator class.
- Random chooses the skills to an investigator based on his attribute stats and Occupation.
- Random chooses a Name and Surname to an investigator based on sex.
- Have an option to import the investigator sheet to pdf.
- Have an option to display, edit and generate this investigator sheet with Sinatra or Rails.

---

== *Português:*
Call of Chtulhu é um jogo de RPG de Mesa. Utilizo esse código apenas como exemplo para alguns posts de meu blog. Caso queiram saber mais sobre o jogo em si, fiquem a vontade para ler mais sobre aqui: 

= *Fast Play[em Português]:*
http://www.4shared.com/document/T2ZvFR6Z/O_Chamado_de_Cthulhu_RPG__Fast.html

= *TODO:*
Eu não acredito que irei continuar esse projeto(pois o mesmo é apenas um projeto de amostra), mas se eu fosse, provavelmente essas seriam as funcionalidades que eu gostaria de implementar:

- Ocupações baseadas no livro Call of Cthulhu 6th Edition.
- Criar as Habilidades para a classe Investigator.
- Escolher randomicamente as habilidades para um investigador baseado em seus atributos e ocupação.
- Escolher randomicamente um Nome e Sobrenome para um investigador baseado em seu sexo.
- Ter uma opção para importar a ficha do investigador para pdf.
- Ter uma opção para exibir, editar e gerar essa ficha de investigador com Sinatra ou Rails.

---

*_All rights reserved for Chaosium:_*
http://www.chaosium.com/